Add Components E2E Test Execution Instructions (#38073)
dotnet/aspnetcore: src/Components/README.md

### Test

This project contains a collection of unit tests implemented with XUnit and E2E tests implemented using Selenium. In order to run the E2E tests, you will need to have Node installed on your machine.

> The E2E tests are located in the `tests/E2ETest` folder. The E2E test assets are located in the `test/testassets` directory, and they consists of a top-level `TestServer` which instantiates different app servers for specific scenarios:

Author: ```suggestion
The E2E tests are located in the `tests/E2ETest` folder. The E2E test assets are located in the `test/testassets` directory, and it contains a top-level `TestServer` which instantiates different app servers for specific scenarios:
```

- Standalone Blazor WASM
- Hosted Blazor WASM
- Blazor Server
- Blazor Server with pre-rendering

Each app server mounts the same `BasicTestApp` application under each scenario (located at `tests/testassets/BasicTestApp`).

#### How to run the E2E Tests

To run the tests for this project, follow these steps (from the root directory):

##### Windows

```powershell
./restore.cmd
npm install --prefix ./src/Components/test/E2ETest
. .\activate.ps1
dotnet test ./src/Components/test/E2ETest
```

##### Linux / MacOS

```shell
./restore.sh
npm install --prefix ./src/Components/test/E2ETest
source ./activate.sh
dotnet test ./src/Components/test/E2ETest
```

> 
> Please see the [`Build From Source`](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/blob/main/docs/BuildFromSource.md) docs for more information on building and testing from source.

Author: ```suggestion

Note, you may wish to filter tests using the `--filter` command (ie. `dotnet test --filter <TEST_NAME> ./src/Components/test/E2ETest`).

Please see the [`Build From Source`](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/blob/main/docs/BuildFromSource.md) docs for more information on building and testing from source.
```

### Test

This project contains a collection of unit tests implemented with XUnit and E2E tests implemented using Selenium. In order to run the E2E tests, you will need to have Node installed on your machine.

The E2E tests are located in the `tests/E2ETest` folder. The E2E test assets are located in the `test/testassets` directory, and it contains a top-level `TestServer` which instantiates different app servers for specific scenarios:

- Standalone Blazor WASM
- Hosted Blazor WASM
- Blazor Server
- Blazor Server with pre-rendering

> Each app server mounts the same `BasicTestApp` application under each scenario (located at `tests/testassets/BasicTestApp`).

Author: ```suggestion
Each app server mounts the same `BasicTestApp` application under each scenario (located at `tests/testassets/BasicTestApp`).

These tests are run in the CI as part of the [`aspnetcore-components-e2e`](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/public/_build?definitionId=1026) pipeline.
```

### Test

> This project contains a collection of unit tests implemented with XUnit and E2E tests implemented using Selenium. In order to run the E2E tests, you will need to have Node installed on your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains a collection of unit tests implemented with XUnit and E2E tests implemented using Selenium. In order to run the E2E tests, you will need to have [Node v16](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed on your machine.
```

- Standalone Blazor WASM
- Hosted Blazor WASM
- Blazor Server
- Blazor Server with pre-rendering

Each app server mounts the same `BasicTestApp` application under each scenario (located at `tests/testassets/BasicTestApp`).

These tests are run in the CI as part of the [`aspnetcore-components-e2e`](https://dev.azure.com/dnceng/public/_build?definitionId=1026) pipeline.

#### How to run the E2E Tests

To run the tests for this project, follow these steps (from the root directory):

##### Windows

```powershell
./restore.cmd
npm install --prefix ./src/Components/test/E2ETest
. .\activate.ps1
dotnet test ./src/Components/test/E2ETest
```

##### Linux / MacOS

```shell
./restore.sh
npm install --prefix ./src/Components/test/E2ETest
source ./activate.sh
dotnet test ./src/Components/test/E2ETest
```

Note, you may wish to filter tests using the `--filter` command (ie. `dotnet test --filter <TEST_NAME> ./src/Components/test/E2ETest`).

Please see the [`Build From Source`](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/blob/main/docs/BuildFromSource.md) docs for more information on building and testing from source.

> #### WebAssembly Trimming

Reviewer: Retain the existing content under a "how to run unit tests" header?

Author: ```suggestion
##### WebAssembly Trimming
```
